---
layout: project
category: project
permalink: projects/airwolf
  
title: Airwolf
image: aw-survey.png
  
background_color: 057A99

featured: true
featured_image: 
  mobile: 
  desktop: img_ftd_airwolf_desktop.png
  polaroid:

meta: 
  type: Design + Concept + Development
  client: Text to Change / Research Africa
  project_link:
    text: Demo Airwolf
    href: http://demo.flipside.org/airwolf
  
related_post:
  - airwolf
---

For [Text to Change](http://texttochange.org) and Research Africa we designed and developed Airwolf, an application based on Openrosa, the popular and open-source standard for data collection. Airwolf is, first and foremost, built to collect data in a call center context, tightly integrating the webforms with functionalities to manage respondents and their phone numbers. 

Out of the box, Airwolf supports two roles with different access levels: moderators and agents. The moderators have permissions that include access to detailed statistics about the progress of the surveys, while agents have a more limited set of permissions and are only allowed to collaborate on the surveys they are assigned to.  

During the build, we put a lot of effort in ensuring a good and simple user experience throughout the process: from the upload of the survey definition, to data entry and export of the results. Given Kampala's frequent internet outages, this includes making it off-line capable to ensure that the agents can continue the collection process, without having to fear for loss of data.  
To handle the web-forms, Airwolf relies on [Enketo](https://enketo.org/), an excellent library that serves Openrosa forms across browsers and different device types.

***

###More
For more information regarding Airwolf, please read [our blog post](/notes/data-collection-for-call-centers/) detailing some of the application's key aspects.

You can give it a spin by trying the:

<a href="http://demo.flipside.org/airwolf" title="Demo Airwolf" class="cta-inline">Live demo</a>